feat(docs): add sponsored-txs tutorial Part I (#4651)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/developer/tutorials/media-platform-package.mdx

# The Media Platform Package

> The first part is the media platform package, which will contain the `free_trial` function that users can call to subscribe to the free trial option. The `free_trial` function will be called by the user's signed transaction, which will be sponsored by the Gas Station server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first part of this tutorial focuses on the media platform package, which will contain the `free_trial` function that users can call to subscribe to the free trial option. The `free_trial` function will be called by the user's signed transaction, which will be sponsored by the Gas Station server.
```

> First, [create a new Move project](../getting-started/create-a-package.mdx) and add the following code to the `sources/sponsored_transactions.move` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, [create a new Move project](../getting-started/create-a-package.mdx) called `sponsored_transactions`, and add the following code to the `sources/sponsored_transactions.move` file:
```

```move reference
https://github.com/iota-community/sponsored-transactions-demo/blob/main/sponsored_transactions_packages/sources/sponsored_transactions.move
```

> When you [publish the package](../getting-started/publish.mdx), `init` will be called, creating a `SubscriptionManager` shared object and transferring the `Publisher` object to the sender. The `Publisher` object is used to ensure that only the publisher can call the `publish` function.

Reviewer: Please add a link to /developer/iota-101/objects/object-ownership/shared

╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
╭───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ Balance Changes                                                                                   │
├───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  ┌──                                                                                              │
│  │ Owner: Account Address ( 0xbf293ced2593118cd231f107f341bb1ad9db39cd0497bff29d355730cf4e2bc2 )  │
│  │ CoinType: 0x2::iota::IOTA                                                                      │
│  │ Amount: -24195200                                                                              │
│  └──                                                                                              │
╰───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
```
</details>

> What we will need to call the `free_trial` function is the `SubscriptionManager` shared object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take a look at the transaction digest and retrieve the `SubscriptionManager` shared object, which you will need to call the `free_trial` function.
```

It may be a good idea to highlight it in the transaction digest https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/code-blocks#line-highlighting

Author: I tried line highlighting but it's barely visible, I think a 🔥 emoji would be better?

Both `subscribe` and `free_trial` functions allow users to subscribe to a specific type of content, with the distinction that `free_trial` doesn't deduct coins from the user's balance.

:::info

> The package implementation is over simplified as the main focus is the sponsored transactions workflow. In a real-world application, you would want:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package implementation is oversimplified, as the main focus is the sponsored transactions workflow. In a real-world application, you would should:
```

1. Use timestamps to track the subscription duration and automatically unsubscribe users after the trial period.
2. Restrict the number of free trials a user can have.
:::

This package contains the following functions:
1. `subscribe`: Allows a user to subscribe to a specific type of content.
2. `free_trial`: Allows a user to subscribe to the free trial option.
3. `publish`: Publishes content to the subscribers and trials. This function is only callable by the publisher.

And the following structs:
1. `SubscriptionType`: Enum representing subscription types.
2. `Content`: Struct representing content.
3. `Subscribed`: Event for subscriptions.
4. `SubscriptionManager`: Struct encapsulating subscription and trial tables. This is used to manage subscriptions and trials.

> [Next: Backend Service →](./gas-station-server.mdx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
If you add the docs to the developer.js sidebar, this will appear automatically
